Create rule S6592: use async when returning a promise (#1754)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6592/javascript/rule.adoc

> Functions that return a promise should be marked with the `async` keyword

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Functions that return a promise should be marked with the `async` keyword.
```

// If you want to factorize the description uncomment the following line and create the file.
//include::../description.adoc[]

== Why is this an issue?

> JavaScript supports both promises and async/await to handle asynchronous code. This many ways of doing something can confuse people.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JavaScript supports both promises and async/await to handle asynchronous code. These different flavors of performing asynchronous tasks can be confusing.
```

> 

Reviewer: I think you are not explaining the problem in this section. Why having a function missing the `async` keyword is an issue?

I would continue the previous paragraph with something like `However, functions can be prefixed with the 'async' keyword to highlight the fact they are asynchronous.`

//=== What is the potential impact?

== How to fix it

> Marking functions that return a promise with the `async` keyword serves as documentation that improves code readability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mark functions that return a promise with the `async` keyword.
```

Reviewer: I would move the nice justification `serves as documentation that improves code readability` above with my suggestion of clarifying the actual problem.

//== How to fix it in FRAMEWORK NAME

=== Code examples

==== Noncompliant code example

[source,js,diff-id=1,diff-type=noncompliant]
----
function foo(param) {
  return Promise.resolve(param);
}
----

==== Compliant solution

[source,js,diff-id=1,diff-type=compliant]
----
async function foo(param) {
  return Promise.resolve(param);
}
----

//=== How does this work?

//=== Pitfalls

//=== Going the extra mile

//== Resources

> //=== Documentation

Reviewer: Maybe a link to https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/async_function
